bigolive,linkd_proto_stats,bigolive.linkd_proto_stats,hadoop,hdfs://bigocluster/flume/bigolive/linkd_proto_stats,1 .csv
bigolive,viewer_enterroom_event,bigolive.viewer_enterroom_event,hadoop,hdfs://bigocluster/flume/bigolive/user_enterroom,1 .csv
bigolive,viewer_action_data,bigolive.viewer_action_data,hadoop,hdfs://bigocluster/flume/bigolive/viewer_data,1 .csv
bigolive,user_login_ip,bigolive.user_login_ip,hadoop,hdfs://bigocluster/flume/bigolive/user_lbs,1 .csv
bigolive,client_special_info,bigolive.client_special_info,hadoop,hdfs://bigocluster/flume/bigolive/client_special_info,1 .csv
bigolive,client_normal_info,bigolive.client_normal_info,hadoop,hdfs://bigocluster/flume/bigolive/client_normal_info,1 .csv
bigolive,user_exitroom,bigolive.user_exitroom,hadoop,hdfs://bigocluster/flume/bigolive/user_exitroom,1 .csv
bigolive,linkd_proto_stats_v2,bigolive.linkd_proto_stats_v2,hadoop,hdfs://bigocluster/flume/bigolive/linkd_proto_stats_v2,1 .csv
bigolive,shower_state_stats,bigolive.shower_state_stats,hadoop,hdfs://bigocluster/flume/bigolive/shower_state_stats,1 .csv
bigolive,shower_end_stats,bigolive.shower_end_stats,hadoop,hdfs://bigocluster/flume/bigolive/shower_end_stats,1 .csv
bigolive,user_action_screen_msg,bigolive.user_action_screen_msg,hadoop,hdfs://bigocluster/flume/bigolive/user_action_screen_msg,1 .csv
bigolive,linkd_proto_restime_detail,bigolive.linkd_proto_restime_detail,hadoop,hdfs://bigocluster/flume/bigolive/linkd_proto_restime_detail,1 .csv
bigolive,user_action_send_giftbean,bigolive.user_action_send_giftbean,hadoop,hdfs://bigocluster/flume/bigolive/user_action_send_giftbean,1 .csv
bigolive,viewer_action_enter_exit_event,bigolive.viewer_action_enter_exit_event,hadoop,hdfs://bigocluster/flume/bigolive/viewer_action_enter_exit_event,1 .csv
bigolive,shower_room_online_stats,bigolive.shower_room_online_stats,hadoop,hdfs://bigocluster/flume/bigolive/shower_room_online_stats,1 .csv
bigolive,linkd_proto_http_stats,bigolive.linkd_proto_http_stats,hadoop,hdfs://bigocluster/flume/bigolive/linkd_proto_http_stats,1 .csv
bigolive,user_action_follow_event,bigolive.user_action_follow_event,hadoop,hdfs://bigocluster/flume/bigolive/user_action_follow_event,1 .csv
default,app_user_orc,default.app_user_orc,hadoop,hdfs://bigocluster/user/hive/warehouse/app_user_orc,1 .csv
default,third_party_user_orc,default.third_party_user_orc,hadoop,hdfs://bigocluster/user/hive/warehouse/third_party_user_orc,1 .csv
default,user_vmoney_changelog_orc,default.user_vmoney_changelog_orc,hadoop,hdfs://bigocluster/user/hive/warehouse/user_vmoney_changelog_orc,1 .csv
default,user_vmoney_info_orc,default.user_vmoney_info_orc,hadoop,hdfs://bigocluster/user/hive/warehouse/user_vmoney_info_orc,1 .csv
default,user_vgift_changelog_orc,default.user_vgift_changelog_orc,hadoop,hdfs://bigocluster/user/hive/warehouse/user_vgift_changelog_orc,1 .csv
default,user_ticket_changelog_orc,default.user_ticket_changelog_orc,hadoop,hdfs://bigocluster/user/hive/warehouse/user_ticket_changelog_orc,1 .csv
default,user_ticket_info_orc,default.user_ticket_info_orc,hadoop,hdfs://bigocluster/user/hive/warehouse/user_ticket_info_orc,1 .csv
default,mol_order_orc,default.mol_order_orc,hadoop,hdfs://bigocluster/user/hive/warehouse/mol_order_orc,1 .csv
default,tbl_user_client_info_orc,default.tbl_user_client_info_orc,hadoop,hdfs://bigocluster/user/hive/warehouse/tbl_user_client_info_orc,1 .csv
bigolive,client_pkg_stats,bigolive.client_pkg_stats,hadoop,hdfs://bigocluster/flume/bigolive/client_pkg_stats,1 .csv
bigolive,user_action_send_giftbean_v2,bigolive.user_action_send_giftbean_v2,hadoop,hdfs://bigocluster/flume/bigolive/user_action_send_giftbean_v2,1 .csv
bigolive,user_action_follow_event_v2,bigolive.user_action_follow_event_v2,hadoop,hdfs://bigocluster/flume/bigolive/user_action_follow_event_v2,1 .csv
bigolive,shower_room_online_stats_v2,bigolive.shower_room_online_stats_v2,hadoop,hdfs://bigocluster/flume/bigolive/shower_room_online_stats_v2,1 .csv
bigolive,client_dns_ip_stats,bigolive.client_dns_ip_stats,hadoop,hdfs://bigocluster/flume/bigolive/client_dns_ip_stats,1 .csv
default,pay_order_orc,default.pay_order_orc,hadoop,hdfs://bigocluster/user/hive/warehouse/pay_order_orc,1 .csv
bigolive,linkd_proto_stats,bigolive.linkd_proto_stats,hadoop,hdfs://bigocluster/flume/bigolive/linkd_proto_stats,1 .csv
bigolive,viewer_enterroom_event,bigolive.viewer_enterroom_event,hadoop,hdfs://bigocluster/flume/bigolive/user_enterroom,1 .csv
bigolive,viewer_action_data,bigolive.viewer_action_data,hadoop,hdfs://bigocluster/flume/bigolive/viewer_data,1 .csv
bigolive,user_login_ip,bigolive.user_login_ip,hadoop,hdfs://bigocluster/flume/bigolive/user_lbs,1 .csv
bigolive,client_special_info,bigolive.client_special_info,hadoop,hdfs://bigocluster/flume/bigolive/client_special_info,1 .csv
bigolive,client_normal_info,bigolive.client_normal_info,hadoop,hdfs://bigocluster/flume/bigolive/client_normal_info,1 .csv
bigolive,user_exitroom,bigolive.user_exitroom,hadoop,hdfs://bigocluster/flume/bigolive/user_exitroom,1 .csv
bigolive,linkd_proto_stats_v2,bigolive.linkd_proto_stats_v2,hadoop,hdfs://bigocluster/flume/bigolive/linkd_proto_stats_v2,1 .csv
bigolive,shower_state_stats,bigolive.shower_state_stats,hadoop,hdfs://bigocluster/flume/bigolive/shower_state_stats,1 .csv
bigolive,shower_end_stats,bigolive.shower_end_stats,hadoop,hdfs://bigocluster/flume/bigolive/shower_end_stats,1 .csv
bigolive,user_action_screen_msg,bigolive.user_action_screen_msg,hadoop,hdfs://bigocluster/flume/bigolive/user_action_screen_msg,1 .csv
bigolive,linkd_proto_restime_detail,bigolive.linkd_proto_restime_detail,hadoop,hdfs://bigocluster/flume/bigolive/linkd_proto_restime_detail,1 .csv
bigolive,user_action_send_giftbean,bigolive.user_action_send_giftbean,hadoop,hdfs://bigocluster/flume/bigolive/user_action_send_giftbean,1 .csv
bigolive,viewer_action_enter_exit_event,bigolive.viewer_action_enter_exit_event,hadoop,hdfs://bigocluster/flume/bigolive/viewer_action_enter_exit_event,1 .csv
bigolive,shower_room_online_stats,bigolive.shower_room_online_stats,hadoop,hdfs://bigocluster/flume/bigolive/shower_room_online_stats,1 .csv
bigolive,linkd_proto_http_stats,bigolive.linkd_proto_http_stats,hadoop,hdfs://bigocluster/flume/bigolive/linkd_proto_http_stats,1 .csv
bigolive,user_action_follow_event,bigolive.user_action_follow_event,hadoop,hdfs://bigocluster/flume/bigolive/user_action_follow_event,1 .csv
default,app_user_orc,default.app_user_orc,hadoop,hdfs://bigocluster/user/hive/warehouse/app_user_orc,1 .csv
default,third_party_user_orc,default.third_party_user_orc,hadoop,hdfs://bigocluster/user/hive/warehouse/third_party_user_orc,1 .csv
default,user_vmoney_changelog_orc,default.user_vmoney_changelog_orc,hadoop,hdfs://bigocluster/user/hive/warehouse/user_vmoney_changelog_orc,1 .csv
default,user_vmoney_info_orc,default.user_vmoney_info_orc,hadoop,hdfs://bigocluster/user/hive/warehouse/user_vmoney_info_orc,1 .csv
default,user_vgift_changelog_orc,default.user_vgift_changelog_orc,hadoop,hdfs://bigocluster/user/hive/warehouse/user_vgift_changelog_orc,1 .csv
default,user_ticket_changelog_orc,default.user_ticket_changelog_orc,hadoop,hdfs://bigocluster/user/hive/warehouse/user_ticket_changelog_orc,1 .csv
default,user_ticket_info_orc,default.user_ticket_info_orc,hadoop,hdfs://bigocluster/user/hive/warehouse/user_ticket_info_orc,1 .csv
default,mol_order_orc,default.mol_order_orc,hadoop,hdfs://bigocluster/user/hive/warehouse/mol_order_orc,1 .csv
default,tbl_user_client_info_orc,default.tbl_user_client_info_orc,hadoop,hdfs://bigocluster/user/hive/warehouse/tbl_user_client_info_orc,1 .csv
